Set CompatMode fallback to v0.34 when the version query fails (#3663)
informalsystems/hermes: .changelog/unreleased/improvements/ibc-relayer/3666-default-compat-mode-to-v034.md

> - Set fallback compatibility version for CometBFT to v0.34

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Change fallback compatibility version for CometBFT from v0.37 to v0.34
```
